hi I'm deysi filled out on assignment at
henry vilas zoo we're going to be
interviewing a few members of the zoo
staff today why don't we take a step
inside very Mary what are the most
popular animals at the zoo here at the
zoo some of the most popular animals are
the lion cubs that were born last
October the polar bears and probably the
seals what do you think Mary was
thinking when she said that seals and
polar bears they don't hold a candle
dust lion cubs we've only been around a
little while they're already keep our
parents in another cage we're over here
at the polar bear cage with Philo the
polar bear by low how do you feel about
your popularity at the zoo of course I'm
the most popular animal in this exhibit
didn't you see my work in ice age lots
of people come to see me here but I'm
playing Greta Garbo and not coming out
they put Elvis in this display and
nobody can seem to find him except me
he's really bugging me he's eating all
my food taking all the cold water it's
really a drag what did the lions eat the
Lions receive a carnivore diet which is
a variety of ground meats and also some
dried pellets which is a feline Chow
carnivore diet my furry little bottom
they feed his dog food on the days when
they run out of that kibble crap I think
I tasted my buddy Elmore he left a zebra
exhibit two weeks ago and I haven't seen
hide nor hair of him and tell me what's
the funniest thing that ever happened to
you while you were at the zoo um well we
were just done cleaning up for the day
after doing a show with some birds and
this lady runs up to us your water
fountain is broken what where she's like
follow me so we're following after this
lady and we got up to the primate house
and there's this huge pond large group
of people watching the water fountain
pour over instead of the animals I found
that quite amusing come to the zoo and
watch the water fountain explode yeah
water fountain being the funniest thing
that was our diversion for our escape
but Lenny the leopard he forgot to
disable the security guard by tearing
out his jug
don't trust a leopard to do a lion's job
the funniest thing that ever happened at
this zoom yeah when I ate the old
zookeeper that poor guy i think they
threw him in on purpose he had a bum leg
he was bound to die pasted when I take
him back in he had and shoot him now
honestly has a visitor ever jumped over
the fence to reach one of the animals
well just today I saw a little girl
climbing over half of the giraffe cage
so yeah it actually happens every once
in a while try to keep that from
happening though might be a tasty treat
for the lion one day though huh what do
you think about this whole thing some
little girl tried to jump in the giraffe
cage little coward that only be harmful
if she was dressed like a palm frond
come climb the fence come play with the
big cats that's where all the funds at
at the zoo look there's one now usurper
interloper I'd take you down I've never
seen a visitor jump into this cage not
even some of those Elvis freaks did I
mention Elvis is he